Previously on How To Get Away
With Murder...
Why did she call?
I don't know.
I deleted the voicemail.
[ Cell phone vibrating ]
Hello?
You've never been
totally honest with me.
'Cause this is bigger than me.
Maybe it's because
you're afraid
that I'll really know
who you are
and not like him.
I just want to fix this.
You gonna erase it all?
Take everything away?
[ Gun cocks ]
This isn't what she wants.
This is exactly what I want.
Don't, Frank!
Do it! Pull it!
Please don't! Don't!
Do it for me!
Please don't!
Annalise:
Welcome to your midterm exam.
Before each of you
is a case file
for your client...
Ted Bundy.
It's 1989, and he's weeks away
from the electric chair
for the violent murder
of 30 young women.
You'll each get one minute
to convince me,
the Chief Justice
of the Florida Supreme Court,
to overturn his death sentence.
Does Mr. Bundy,
an infamous serial killer,
rapist, and necrophile,
deserve to live?
You better convince me he does,
otherwise this sociopath dies
on your watch.
Sam was wrong
about you, Frank.
She doesn't mean
any of this --
You're a sociopath.
That's all you'll ever be --
sick and depraved.
It's time for you to go.
Ms. Castillo?
You gave me
the Automatic "A."
That doesn't mean
you're excused.
Come on. Tell me
why Mr. Bundy's life
is worth saving.
You know who you are
deep down inside.
That's why you bought
that gun, right?
So you could do
something good for once.
This is your chance.
Mr. Bundy suffers from
mental-health issues.
And mental-health issues
are often caused
by chemical imbalances
in the brain.
Look at me, Frank.
Only me.
This only makes it worse
for her.
I can handle it.
She's saying this
because she's hurt.
Michaela: We can't let emotions
blind us to the fact
that the death penalty
is ineffective as a deterrent.
Current estimates state
that one out of every 25 inmates
on death row is innocent.
Bonnie: If you do this,
you're making her a killer.
It's what she wants.
It's not.
It is.
She knows this was Sam.
Sam didn't kill anyone.
It was you!
Asher: Do any of us want
to live in a society
that doesn't allow
second chances? No.
Let us dedicate our energy
to caring for this man
instead of killing him.
I need you here, Frank.
She's playing you!
No, you were there.
That night meant
everything to me.
You deserve better
than me.
Connor: My client's charming
and charismatic on the outside.
But inside he's a ball
of repressed pain.
I'll die if you do this.
So please don't.
Don't.
You know me.
More than anyone.
So if I lose you...
Live for me. Please?
You love me, right?
You might not be able
to say it...
but you love me.
You love me.
[ Gun thuds ]
[ Sniffling ]
I'm so sorry.
You should've done it.
How'd you pull all that science
psychobabble out of your ass?
I'm smart.
Or you grew up
in a psych ward.
That too.
My mother.
[ Door opens ]
Here we are.
Your grades.
For the first time
in the history
of my teaching career...
you all passed.
Hell, yeah!
Unh! Hit me, people!
Except you.
Here's some champagne.
You all earned it.
It's expensive, too.
Laurel:
You're not staying?
Yeah, come on, Professor
Keating. Let's get wild.
You couldn't handle it.
[ Cork pops ]
Michaela: Whoo!
96, bitches! Ha-ha!
Hey, Oli,
give me my own bottle.
Everything okay?
Frank's gone.
What does that mean?
Just what I said.
Yeah. "Gone" can mean
a lot of things.
Not that type of gone.
Meaning he won't bother us
anymore. You have my word.
So, go.
Celebrate with Laurel,
have a drink.
Have ten.
One of us has to.
DJ Hamie-hampton on
the turntables, baby, baby!
♪ More, more, more,
how do you like it? ♪
Connor: Ah, enough with
the gay stereotypes.
I need a play--
♪ How do you like it?
How do you like it? ♪
♪ Do, do, do ♪
Hey. S-Saw you got a 91
on the exam.
[ Music shuts off ]
I was impressed, actually.
I -- You're gonna make
a great lawyer someday.
[ Dance music plays ]
You mean for someone
so damaged?
I regret saying that.
Don't.
I'd rather be damaged
than fake.
Michaela:
Oh, Simon, hit me.
Ah, don't you think maybe
you've had enough to drink?
Do not try to monitor me like
one of your little freshmen.
I just don't think
that now is the best time
for getting crunk.
Oh. It's the perfect time.
Your mom's heading
to your house right now.
She called your phone
the other night,
and I picked up.
You picked up a call
from the mom she hates?
I tried to tell her it wasn't
a good time 'cause of exams.
And then she said she'd send
you exactly what you need,
and I thought it was
gonna be flowers or a
huggy bear or something.
So I gave her your address,
but it turns out she
was just sending herself!
♪ Ahh-ahh-ahh-ahh ♪
Are you having a stroke?
Rolanda:
You lost weight?
Gained.
Get some good-good
last night?
I wish.
[ Cell phone rings ]
Well, whatever
you're doing,
keep doing it,
'cause you are glowing.
Junk food
is all I'm doing.
I had to trade in vodka
for cake.
Had to?
Got in
a little trouble.
I knew you had problems.
Didn't know this
was one of them.
That's why they call it
functioning alcoholic.
Well, still, quittin'
looks good on you.
'Cause when you look good,
you feel good.
And when you feel good,
you --
Oh, what'd I say?
It's not you.
It's just...
[ Sniffles ]
It's too damn quiet
in here.
Where's Yvonne's big mouth
when you...
[ Crying ]
Sorry.
Don't.
You're getting clean.
This is what happens.
The feelings you've been
drowning in booze
starting to coming up
all ugly and loud.
Which is why I'm now trying
to bury them in food.
Well, come here instead.
You know, sit in my chair,
let the snotty tears come.
I've seen worse.
If you're gonna fall off
the wagon, give me a call.
I'll bring the Coke,
you bring the Henny.
[ Chuckles ]
Shut your mouth.
[ Laughs ]
Laurel:
Where did he go?
I don't know.
Did you ask her?
No.
Why not?
You're saying we're just
supposed to believe her?
Or assume she killed him
and we're all fine with that?
I kind of would be
fine with that.
What?
[ Door opens ]
[ Sighs heavily ]
He knows about us.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
You told me
he didn't.
I know. I just --
I didn't want you to freak out
before you had to testify.
Wes!
[ Door opens ]
[ Sighs ]
Now, you know
I love a black woman
who has her money on point,
but I'm gonna need you
to stop bringing these
$100 bills up in here.
[ Chuckles ]
Last time, I swear.
Oh, and good lookin' out
on the referral.
Thought your friend's
bourgie ass had stumbled
into the wrong place till
she said you recommended me.
My friend?
She seemed to know you
pretty well.
Or want to know you.
To be honest, I got a little
"single black female" vibe.
Pretty, brown-skinned,
natural hair?
[ Echoing ] 3c curly.
Looks good on her, actually.
Annalise: We both
know that I've been
unfairly aggressive
in court,
and I'm just here
to make amends.
It's part
of my recovery.
All's fair
in the courtroom.
You know, as two
of the very few black women
in our field,
I think we need to be
lifting each other up.
And not sleeping
with each other's man.
Excuse me?
This is about Nate.
No.
You screwed him,
and now I am.
That doesn't mean
that we're required
to engage in a catfight.
I'm with you.
Then why are you here?
To make nice.
Hell, let's grab
a cup of coffee sometime,
mani-pedis.
Maybe you can recommend
a good salon for me.
Seems like I need
to switch mine up.
You've been
investigating me.
Please.
Maybe you're stalking me
for some other reason?
I'm not stalking you.
You need to work on
your poker game, girl...
Okay.
...because everything
that's going on...
We're done here.
...on your face right now
confirms every suspicion
I had coming in here.
This meeting
was a courtesy.
The funniest part
is picturing you going
all "undercover" at Ro's
thinking it was a good idea.
Get out!
You know, someone
may take me down,
but my ass
if it's gonna be you.
[ Door opens, slams ]
[ Tires screech in distance ]
What the hell is this?
[ Car alarm chirps ]
Does it feel good?
Knowing that the only reason
why you got this new job
is because of me?
I don't know what that means.
And I don't care to.
Your new trick
is investigating me.
That's why they hired
you, right? 'Cause
you know me so well.
You drunk right now?
I quit.
Then there's no excuse
for how you're acting.
Tell me you had
no part in this.
After all the illegal crap
you dragged my ass into,
you think
I'm gonna rat on you?!
Why not? If they
gave you immunity.
You're right.
I'm gonna go upstairs
and ask
for that right now.
There he goes, signing up
to be someone's bitch again.
You're the bitch!
You sick, pathetic --
Keep walking!
Is this really how
you want to be? Huh?
The hood chick causing a scene
at her ex's work?
What other choice
do I have?
You made your choice
when you chased me away!
I thank you for that.
And being free of you
woke me the hell up.
And I'm still
a good-enough guy
to come on down here and
get an earful of your crazy.
But I'm done.
Get drunk, be sober.
Just keep your damn mess
away from me.
How am I supposed
to get better?
That's not my job.
[ Cell phone rings ]
[ Sighs ]
Girl, bye.
[ Beep ]
[ Ringing stops ]
[ Lock clicks, door opens ]
Wow. Schmancy.
It's tiny, actually.
Oh, baby, it's nice.
Which makes sense, 'cause you
always did like nice things.
Asher seems nice, too.
His picture surprised me.
I didn't know
you like white boys.
How did you see
his picture?
He sent me a selfie.
[ Chuckling ]
Unbelievable.
Don't be mad at him.
I totally bamboozled him
into giving me your address,
which I never
should've had to do.
What do you need?
Huh?
You got on a plane,
you're in my apartment,
which means you need
something. What is it?
Well, uh...
I've got the cancer.
Okay, I'm lying.
I know.
Micky,
I left your daddy.
So, if it's
all right with you,
I might need a place to stay
for just a few weeks.
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Laughs ]
♪ Step into my black car ♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
♪ The blackest car
you've ever seen ♪
Connor, you want some?
♪ Tell me that you love me ♪
♪ You'll be right beside me ♪
♪ Taking you
where you not been ♪
Can we please talk?
Not here.
I'm sorry, okay? I was
just trying to protect you.
Exactly.
You have to stop that.
What?
Treating me like
some charity case.
I'm not treating you
like a chari--
You just admitted
you lied to me
'cause you were worried
I'd freak out about Frank!
[ Scoffs ]
This is about Frank?!
No, it's not
about Frank.
Then why are you trying
to pick a fight right now?
'Cause I have
a bad feeling.
About?
That you're only with me
'cause you want to fix me.
That's not true!
It makes sense.
You've spent your whole life
trying to fix your mom.
And now what? It's my turn?
My mom?
You know what?
Don't worry about it.
No. Okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wait. So what you're saying
is 'cause my mom's
mentally ill, I am, too?
No. That's not
what I'm saying.
'Cause let's be clear.
Fixing people -- that's more
your issue than it is mine.
How?
You only fell for
Rebecca 'cause she was
some broken little bird
that you just wanted to save!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Did I hurt your feelings?
I'm just trying
to be honest.
No, you're right. We shouldn't
talk about this here.
This is --
♪ Black car ♪
♪ Set his wheels on fire ♪
♪ Selling your desire ♪
♪ To his night-crawling
machine ♪
Did you two just have
a lovers' quarrel?
Shut up.
♪ Burn, baby ♪
[ Cell phone buzzes ]
♪ Burn, baby, burn, baby ♪
Hello?
Don't get alarmed, but you need
to come to the police station.
Why?
I'll explain in person,
but it's important.
His attorney's calling him
down here right now.
Good. Land him.
[ Door opens ]
Call as soon
as you get anything.
Sorry for barging in.
No, it's a nice surprise.
I would say
let's grab a coffee,
but I actually have
my hands full right now.
Yeah, I heard.
Everything okay?
Did you only hire me
so I'd help
your investigation
into Annalise?
So you do still
talk to her.
So it is true?
Let me be clear.
This office is not
investigating Annalise Keating.
And why I helped you get this
job is because you deserve it.
We should end this.
Did you not
just hear me?
I just think it's
in both our best interests
to stop before things
get more...complicated.
[ Door closes ]
[ Agnes Obel's
"Fuel To Fire" plays ]
♪ Do you want me
on your mind? ♪
♪ Or do you want me ♪
♪ To go on? ♪
♪ Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm ♪
Frank: I thought it was you.
Annalise:
Because I'm that guy?
Of course not.
♪ Gone, be far away ♪
Wes: I'm so sorry.
Don't be.
♪ Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm ♪
♪ Roses on parade ♪
♪ They follow you around ♪
Annalise: Why is your penis
on a dead girl's phone?
Kill me. Kill me.
Kill me!
Sam: You disgusting slut.
I'm so sorry.
Nate: You're gonna
die alone in this house.
You're nothing
but a piece of ass.
Pull it!
Do it for me!
Woman:
Lila was six weeks pregnant.
[ Voices echoing ]
Annalise:
You killed my son.
♪ Like fuel to fire ♪
[ Knock on door ]
♪ Away ♪
[ Slurring ]
Is Frank here?
Good.
Not that it matters,
'cause we're all going to jail.
[ Sighs ]
The D.A.'s office
is investigating me.
So...
get a glass.
You got some
catching up to do.
♪ Ohh-ohh ♪
Wes: Hey. It's Wes.
You know what to do.
Where'd you go? I'm in the mood
to fix you right now.
Simon: Pizza's here!
So just call me.
Hey, do you think
it's a good idea
for you to be
getting wasted?
Yeah. Why? Do you have
a problem with it?
No, not for me.
But I vaguely remember
you showing up on my doorstep
messed up the night
of the bonfire
with a substance-abuse
problem.
[ Scoffs ] You're cute.
What?
That you bought that.
What is that
supposed to mean?
I wasn't high, Oli.
I was traumatized.
Traumatized from what?
Like you don't
already know.
Connor:
Castillo! iVámonos!
Trishelle: I just realized
I can't let some lazy,
deadbeat man take
my last remaining years.
You inspired me
to be honest.
Okay, you need
to go back home,
tell Daddy you changed your mind
and you want him back.
What?
Do you even have
a bank account?
I can get one.
Exactly. Daddy knows how
to take care of you.
That's not very P.C.
[ Laughs ] Okay.
Well, then, fine. Leave him.
But go ask one
of your other children
to sleep on their couch.
All right, you do know
that Violet is back
on the Oxy, right?
And Odette is still
with Dirty Durwood.
None of this
is my problem!
Out of all of y'all,
I thought you'd be the one
that would understand.
This is a big
life decision for me!
I don't understand.
Or care, to be honest.
Beg the church to take you back
or go sleep on the street,
but I'm not gonna be the one
to take care of you right now.
After all
that I've given you?
What have you given me?
Everything in my life,
I gave me.
Bull.
Look at your
other children!
I'm the only one who's
not a complete disaster.
You're pretty sure
about that?
'Cause I think that
richy-rich fiancé left you.
Oh, my God. Get out!
Maybe you forgot about it,
but I will never forget
what it was like seeing you
in that sorry-ass swamp shack,
where we rescued you.
Social Services rescued me,
then I rescued myself!
You just needed to feel
good about yourself.
So, hey! Job well done!
You did your charity work,
saved your little black baby.
And now I'm asking
you to leave.
You ungrateful
little ho.
[ Door opens ]
Sorry. Hi.
I tried to stop them.
[ Slurring ] Mama Pratt!
We're so excited to meet you!
Laurel:
Hi. I'm Laurel.
We brought you a little taste
of Louisiana!
Vince:
It happens all the time.
The D.A. gets your statement
typed up,
needs you to sign off
that the wording's correct.
At least they're trying to save
you the trip to New York.
So it's about
the Mahoney trial?
Unless there's another reason
the police want to talk to you.
[ Chuckles ]
Hey.
This way.
Just take a bite.
[ Groans ]
What do you think
they know?
I don't want
to think about it.
Okay, but there are things
we can do to prepare.
Oh.
I burned the files.
What?
You don't think
that was good enough?
Is it true?
You sleep with him?
It didn't mean anything.
I'll make coffee.
One, two, three,
shoot!
I'm so sorry.
Save it.
[ Cell phone beeps ]
Oh, my God!
Look at that trouser snake!
Uh, I probably shouldn't be
on HumpR in front of you.
No, you shouldn't be.
I have raised four sons.
I have seen my share
of dinglebirds before.
So, on this HumpR, do you have
to be gay or is it breeders?
Gay. You scroll through
the photos until you see one
that you want and then you
set up a date, and that's it.
Okay. Ooh, he's fine.
I like that.
Look at that hot m--
Is that Thomas?
Michaela: What?!
Asher: No!
Look. He contacted me.
What's the big deal?
Dude, bros before hoes!
Whatever.
We already talked about
meeting up at Debriefed later.
It's a gay bar.
I want to go.
You should. That way, I can
move out while you're gone.
Sure you can afford it? Just
gonna move in and leech off
another family till
your spoiled little ass
gets bored with them, too?
Or maybe I'll adopt
a bunch of kids and collect
the welfare checks.
Ain't worth it. Trust me.
Okay, I have an idea!
How about we take Connor
to find a twink at my place
and we can leave
Michaela and Mrs. Pratt
to hang out alone?
Don't leave me.
It's time for bed.
Bonnie...
Just rest.
Mumford: How long have you
and Annalise Keating
known each other?
Since I started
taking her class.
Would you say
you two are close?
We assumed this was
about the Mahoney case.
What's the interest in
my client's relationship
with Annalise Keating?
We're looking into her possible
involvement in a murder.
What's that have to do
with my client?
That's what we're
trying to figure out.
Tell us what this is,
or we leave.
We'd like Wes to cooperate
in an ongoing investigation.
An investigation
into Professor Keating?
Davis: A body was found
in the woods.
We got a DNA match
to someone
who was associated
with Ms. Keating.
Now, you being a law student,
I'm sure you know how often
a woman's murder is committed
by her boyfriend.
You dated Rebecca Sutter.
Right?
Vince: Look, I don't need you
to tell me what you know
or what you allegedly did.
When you're offered immunity,
you take it.
Wes, this is serious.
It's Annalise they're
after here, not you.
You're fired.
She's gotten
into your head.
[ Sighs ]
I get how that could happen
with someone of her stature,
but now is the time
to cut the cord.
Did you not hear me?
You're fired.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Telephone rings ]
Someone make
detective again?
Investigator for the D.A.,
actually.
Impressive.
You working
the Keating investigation?
We're being tight-lipped
on this one.
Good to see you.
Bonnie?
The D.A. is
investigating Annalise.
Frank?
You can fix this.
Take the fall.
So it was a lie, huh?
No.
You love me,
but you want me to jump
on the grenade for all of us?
I want us all
to be safe.
[ Ringing ]
[ Cell phone buzzes ]
Wes: Hey. It's Wes.
You know what to do.
Wes, I need you to come
to the house right away.
I'll explain
in person, but...
it's important.
[ Cell phone buzzes ]
[ Beep ]
H-Hello?
Annalise:
Where are you?
The clinic.
Okay.
Stay there.
I'm coming to you.
Oliver:
Why? Is something wrong?
[ Line beeping ]
Annalise?
[ Sets down cell phone ]
[ Ringing ]
Laurel: Hello?
Are you with Wes?
[ Indistinct conversations ]
No, we had a fight.
Find him and get everyone
to the house right away.
Why?
I'll explain to you in person.
Just hurry.
Okay, but we've been drinking
your champagne all day and --
[ Line beeping ]
Asher:
No, no, no, no.
It's an actual rap I wrote,
and there's a video.
And it's called "Bye Felicia."
And it's on fleek!
[ All cheer ]
Hey, we need to go.
No. We have to --
Annalise needs us
at the house.
Where's Connor?
Probably boning
some freshman.
And I don't think I can go
anywhere, to be honest.
I can't feel my face.
Or my legs.
Or my penis.
Connor?! Where are you?
Thomas: Hey, I don't know
if you have plans,
but, uh,
we could grab a bite.
There's a -- There's
a great sushi place
downstairs, actually.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry?
This was sex.
Not a date.
Wow. Okay.
You know, you're
much nicer on HumpR.
That's 'cause
I wanted to get laid.
You know what?
You're the problem
with the gay community.
You know, we all just treat
each other like a piece of meat.
We're all the problem
with the gay community.
It was nice meeting you.
[ Door opens ]
[ Scoffs ]
[ IAMX's "Surrender" plays ]
Annalise?
I rely on you
more than I should.
[ Chuckles ] No, it --
Uh, I'm just happy to be here.
I know, but...
But...what?
I'm in trouble, Oliver.
We all are.
Connor, too.
But you can help.
Who do you want me
to hack?
The D.A.'s Office.
[ Exhales deeply ]
♪ Freaks are dyin' ♪
♪ Where did we go, Berlin? ♪
♪ The freaks are dyin' ♪
Annalise?
♪ Where did we go, Berlin? ♪
♪ All my life ♪
Annalise, are you here?
♪ I've been changing lanes ♪
♪ I'm so bored
of taking my chances ♪
Annalise?
♪ Of making mistakes ♪
Annalise, are you here?
♪ Now I need ♪
♪ Ohh-ohh ♪
♪ I want ♪
♪ To surrender ♪
[ Sirens wail ]
Ma'am, I'm gonna
need you to step b--
I live here!
Step back!
Please!
Ma'am, just calm down!
Calm down.
Who is it? Tell me!
Tell me.
[ Radio chatter ]
[ Grunts ]
Hey! Hey...
Here.
What's this?
A plane ticket home.
Your flight leaves
at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow.
Honey, we just had
a little mother-daughter row.
Yeah, I don't really
see it that way.
Well, how do you see it?
Is it us not talking anymore?
'Cause I'm not okay
with that.
Baby, I messed up.
I hate that I did it.
But I'm your mama
and I love you.
I don't know
what that means.
You don't know
what love means?
Coming from you? No.
I have to study.
You know, your friends
aren't your family, Micky.
They don't know you
like we do.
You have never known me.
[ Door slams ]
[ Siren wails ]
Oliver: Annalise!
Annalise:
Let him through.
I heard someone say there
was a body. Is it true?
No one knows
anything yet.
Okay, but what if
it's true?
Stop it. Let's not let
our minds go there.
[ Whispering ]
Wipe it clean.
Everything on it.
Mumford: Ms. Keating, we're
gonna have to do this right now.
Annalise Keating,
you're under arrest.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be used
against you
in a court of law.
[ Beep ]
Here.
Look straight
into the camera, please.
[ Shutter clicks ]
I want my phone call.
[ Cell phone buzzing ]
Hello?
I'll accept the charges.
Bonnie, I'm in jail.
What?
They arrested me.
For what?
Bonnie: Annalise called me
from jail. Did you do it?
Do what?
The phone.
She sent me to find you.
It's clean.
Good. Follow me.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
Hold up! Everybody quiet!
Man on radio:
Rescue 1. Rescue 1. Priority.
Talk to me.
We have another occupant.
We're bringing them out now.
[ Monitor beeping ]
Woman: Dr. Lowell.
Dr. Lowell: What?
I'm the med student. I was
sent to get the lab results.
Get to the point.
She's pregnant.
[ Ventilator hissing ]
Oh, my God.
I know her.
The official charge --
arson and first-degree murder.
The evidence?
An anonymous source.
Oliver: Is she gonna die?
Meggy: You need to
keep your voice down.
I can get in a lot of trouble
for telling you this.
I just want to make sure
she's okay. I'm sorry.
I know,
and I promise you
I'm gonna tell you
everything I can, okay?
[ Cell phone buzzes ]
H-Have you thought about
contacting the others?
No. I want to make --
I wanted to make sure...
You should
definitely call...
Hi.
Frank: Laurel's
at Middleton Hospital.
I'm here.
Then get off the phone,
find out how she is.
I know. I'm on it.
Please try to trust me.
I will if you find out
what the hell they know.
Laurel's pregnant.
Is she gonna be okay?
Bonnie.
I have no idea.
Connor: This is Connor.
You should text me.
[ Cell phone beeps ]
Connor, pick up, please.
[ Ringing ]
[ Cell phone buzzes ]
[ Beep ]
Hello?
Who's this?
Trishelle.
Oliver. Wh--
I'm looking for Connor Walsh.
Is that whose phone
this is?
I just found it in my
daughter's sofa cushions.
Darn thing was vibrating
my booty.
Mom!
Someone named Oliver
looking for Connor.
I don't know where
he is, Oliver.
Are you sure?
Yeah, what's wrong?
You haven't heard?
Heard what?
Annalise's house burned down.
The cops arrested her.
An anonymous source.
That's all
they would tell me.
[ Sighs ]
Was it you?
Look me in the eye
and say it's not.
Then I can move on.
It's not me.
[ Monitor beeping ]
[ Gasping ]
It's Meggy.
It's Meggy, Laurel.
You're okay.
What, what, what?
What is it?
What?
Pen? This?
Mmm. [ Gasping ]
Okay, okay.
Here, here.
Nate: You reached Nate Lahey.
Leave a message.
Why am I getting calls
about you hanging outside
interrogation rooms?
I swear to God, Nate.
If you are still in contact
with her...
Call me back!
Bonnie! Thank God!
What the hell happened?
Someone went
to the police.
What are you
talking about?
What?
Annalise was arrested because
of an anonymous source.
Annalise called everyone
over to the house. Did
you know about that?
She didn't do this.
Oliver: Then why did
she lie to my face?
She said she didn't know
if somebody died in the fire,
but she did, didn't she?
What are you
talking about?
It's all over the news.
There's an unidentified
male body.
Oh, my God.
You know who it is!
You're not telling me
because it's Connor, right?
I swear to God,
if you lie to us right now,
I will go to the police.
Just tell us who it is!
Is Connor dead?!
Just tell me. Please.
Oli.
My God.
Who's dead?
Dr. Bradfield:
Case number X-14-0522.
Dr. Bradfield speaking.
I've just completed an initial
visual exam of the decedent.
Sex -- male.
Age -- undetermined.
Ethnicity -- black.
The decedent shows extensive
full-thickness thermal injuries
with focal charring
of the extremities.
Can I help you?
[ Door closes ]
The D.A.'s Office.
Can I take a look?
[ Sirens wailing ]
[ Sobbing ] No. No.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no!
No, no!
No, no!!
No!
No!!
Bonnie, who is it?
It's Wes.
[ Breathing sharply ]
What?
[ Crying ] What?
What happened?
What happened?!
Do you know?
Did you --
Did you see him
in the house?
Do you know
what happened?
what happened to him?
[ Sobs ] No.
[ Sobbing ]
No!
You circling
a cause of death yet?
Officially? No.
Unofficially?
[ Door opens ]
[ Cell phone buzzes ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Cody Crump's "Burn" plays ]
Immunity.
This is wrong.
As is this.
You said this would cover
obstruction of justice
and conspiracy,
so I want that
in writing, too.
That's blanket immunity.
You want someone
to help take her down?
This is the only way
I talk.
♪ As we watch this world burn ♪
Annalise: Wes, I need you to
come to the house right away.
I'll explain in person, but...
it's important.
♪ When things go wrong ♪
♪ It's hard to see ♪
♪ It's not just you ♪
♪ But also me ♪
♪ I will ♪
♪ Burn this ♪
♪ World ♪
♪ To the ground ♪
♪ I will burn it all down ♪
♪
[ Buzzer sounds, lock clicks ]
[ Door slams ]
I didn't do this.
What is it?
Nate.
He was already dead
before the fire.
♪
♪ Some men find creation
in destruction ♪
♪ Others just want
to watch the world burn ♪
♪